Readme (#74)
GSG-G8/art-gallery: README.md

# art-gallery

[You can visit our site from this link]([https://art-gallery-v1.herokuapp.com/])

## Team Leader

- Rana Obeid.

## Team Members

- Lina Ebeid.
- Mariam Isa.
- Muhammad Abdulhadi.
- Alaa Abu Swaireh.

## Summary

Art gallery is an Arab web application which allows artists to view their arts, each artist has a profile to present his/her arts so customers can buy their paintings.

## Challenge

The inability of painters to sell their paintings and the difficulty in communicating with customers.

## Solution

Our site provides artists with the ability to sell their paintings at reasonable prices and the ability to communicate with the customer appropriately.

## User Stories

### As an artist

- I can sign up / login and have my own profile

> - I can edit my profile data

Reviewer: * I can edit my information

- I can upload my paintings in my profile

### As an user

- I can sign up / login and have an account
- I can Check artworks for different artists
- I can Search and filter art works
- I can buy paintings and add it to my cart
- I can Checkout from cart
- I can add a review for the artist

### As an admin

- I can delete a artist/user/painting

> 

Reviewer: ++ I can see all artist and  switch activate artist 
++ I can export all artist to excel file
++ I can see my budget on dashboard

## Set up the app locally

First clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/GSG-G8/art-gallery.git`

> then run `npm i` and open new terminal then run `cd client` then `npm i` to install the dependencies for the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then run `npm run project-setup` to install the dependencies for the app.
```

- Mariam Isa.
- Muhammad Abdulhadi.
- Alaa Abu Swaireh.

## Summary

Art gallery is an Arab web application which allows artists to view their arts. so each artist has a profile . Customers can buy arts

## Challenge

The inability of painters to sell their paintings and the difficulty in communicating with customers.

## Solution

Our site provides artists with the ability to sell their paintings at reasonable prices and the ability to communicate with the customer appropriately.

## User Stories

### As an artist

- I can sign up / login and have my own profile
- I can edit my profile data
- I can upload my paintings in my profile

### As an user

- I can sign up / login and have an account
- I can Check artworks for different artists
- I can Search and filter art works
- I can buy paintings and add it to my cart
- I can Checkout from cart
- I can add a review for the artist

### As an admin

- I can delete a artist/user/painting

## Set up the app locally

First clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/GSG-G8/art-gallery.git`

then run `npm i` and open new terminal then run `cd client` then `npm i` to install the dependencies for the app.

### Database Setup

> In terminal type psql or pgcli if installed. Within psql/pcli enter the following commands:

Reviewer 3: We created a `buildDatabase.sql` file which will do all these commands instead, So all these commands aren't really necessary
